TODO.md, before:

# Portfolio Overhaul Commit #16:

## CHANGES:

→ Created the landing pages for the JS Projects. → Fixed more linking issues that were found...

## TODO:

-   [x] Change the copied cards to be cards that will represent the js projects and games + link to their landing page...
-   [x] Create the js projects and games landing pages...

-   [x] Slider completed.
-   [x] Need to integrate the slider into the portfolio page.
-   [x] Need to create another slider for the js projects.

-   [x] Need to fix the rest of the html and css project's landing pages.
-   [ ] Need to find a way to fix the main portfolio page structure in the mobile support area some specific size in between PC and mobile are broken.
-   [x] Need to fix the projects cards breaking, maybe applying the horizontal view instead of the grid view or in addition to it.
-   [x] After the fixing of the HTML and CSS landing pages create via the same way landing pages for the js projects.
-   [ ] Add regex validation and styling to the contact section.
-   [ ] Add extra projects.

Commit message:

Portfolio Overhaul #17: Check the TODO.md file for more info about the commit progress.

TODO.md, after:

# Portfolio Overhaul Commit #17:

## CHANGES:

→ Rework on the contact section styling and working on fixing the main page styling.

## TODO:

-   [x] Change the copied cards to be cards that will represent the js projects and games + link to their landing page...
-   [x] Create the js projects and games landing pages...

-   [x] Slider completed.
-   [x] Need to integrate the slider into the portfolio page.
-   [x] Need to create another slider for the js projects.

-   [x] Need to fix the rest of the html and css project's landing pages.
-   [ ] Need to find a way to fix the main portfolio page structure in the mobile support area some specific size in between PC and mobile are broken.
-   [x] Need to fix the projects cards breaking, maybe applying the horizontal view instead of the grid view or in addition to it.
-   [x] After the fixing of the HTML and CSS landing pages create via the same way landing pages for the js projects.
-   [ ] Add regex validation and styling to the contact section.
-   [ ] Add extra projects.
